Precise article about "Information"! By comparing the past and the present, the fact of why Information matters is the improvement of Information Technology. The data is transmitted with optical fibers, over billions of information is being transported every second, from one side to another side of the world. Those immerse packets of information offer another information over that, forming a massive data set, Big Data. Thus, I agree with what you said "drawing information from information", but also let me reflect that what would this Big Data affect the future of  our life. 
Good point to raise attention to the information use for advertising purposes! Many companies nowadays collect the online user' habits for analysis with a view to improving the effectiveness of marking and launch for new products.For example, companies like Netflix and Procter & Gamble use big data to anticipate customer demand. "They build predictive models for new products and services by classifying key attributes of past and current products or services and modeling the relationship between those attributes and the commercial success of the offerings. In addition, P&G uses data and analytics from focus groups, social media, test markets, and early store rollouts to plan, produce, and launch new products. (https://www.oracle.com/big-data/guide/what-is-big-data.html)" The pros of those advertising and product prediction may improve the user experience, but meanwhile, promoting consumerism, resulting a negative effect to environment due to the over-consuming. 
Nice logical thinking from the definition of Information to the idea of using Information to describe the realm. I totally agree with your points. From the scientific aspect, when the researchers and scientists propose a hypothesis, the first thing they do is observing, collecting data, to try to draw a trivial summary. And by using the technology today, they analyse the massive sets of data, which is so-called Big Data, for a big picture from their observation. The researchers draw the information and knowledge from data by all means, showing that information is not just a simply data, but is a science, to describe the realm. 
Thank you for your sharing on the use of information for business aspect. Nowadays, the information technology has become more popular in finance industry, for example in Big Four Accounting firms, investment banks. Information Technology is not just for the maintenance for the systems, communications amongst different time zones, but is also for improving the efficiency in banking, cutting costs in operation. Do ou think AI will replace the investors in banking industry?
I've never thought about the analogy between computer hardware to our memory working model. It is a very interesting idea. Meanwhile, AI is a present topic being applied to all aspects of our life. I wonder if the use of RAM, HDD, SSD helps the develope AI system since we often say AI is the brain of computers. 
Human always alters their decision with the influence given by the others. In fact, there is a sort of psychological theories and phenomenon related to this situation. One of the examples is "Bystander effect", where the individuals are less likely to offer help to a victim when other people are present. The greater the number of bystanders, the less likely it is that any one of them will help. Therefore, sometimes I think the decisions made by computer would be more objective and sensible. 
Thank you for the clear and simple explanation of the mental model. You mentioned that we shouldn't rely on our mental model, but I doubt the feasibility of doing so. Since the mental model is built according to our long-term life experience and observation, and what we are taught, we have to accord the model to think and react. The model also includes how we understand the world. Therefore, I don't think we can change the mental model such easily while we ought to prevent and well address the culture shock when we go into a different culture.  
Good connection between social media and social cognition! Social media really matter how people think and make a decision. Taking the winning of Trump presidency as an example, "the Trump presidential campaign spent most of its digital advertising budget on Facebook, testing more than 50,000 ad variations each day in an attempt to micro-target voters [1]." And it became one of the factors that taking Trump to get into the White House, which reflects that it is not only using the traditional propaganda advertisements, but also take advantage of the Internet.  [1]: https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/oct/08/trump-digital-director-brad-parscale-facebook-advertising
Hunger is a crucial problem right now, and thank you for pointing out among the UNSDGs. But I am just thinking about the relationship between the food wasting in the developed counties and the starvation of third-world counties. The food wasting problem is serious in Hong Kong. The food waste occupies 36% of the landfill in Hong Kong. However, how would the reduction of food waste help the starvation in other counties? Even if we reduce the food waste in Hong Kong, we can only help the food supply in Hong Kong, which hardly affects the food shortage problem in other regions in my opinion. 
Thank you for your reply. From your comment, it reminds the importance of the old saying of 3R, recycling, reducing, reusing. In my mind, other than the education of the environment to the citizens, it's also important for the government to improve and polish the facilities on recycling, for example, different days from recycling different materials. During the time I was in Sweden, there's a recycling station next to the dorm, and for the students, we are responsible to recycle the plastic, metal, and paper every week. But after came back to Hong Kong, it seems there is no need for recycling at the dormitory, which hardly let me recycle the materials even I want to do so. 
I believe you are talking about Goal 4 of the UNSDGs. You mentioned that you want the information being correct and accurate, and I agree your opinion is correct as a student, but I could not find the relation between this point and the Goal 4, to provide quality education. I think the goal aims to equalize the opportunity to have an education from primary to tertiary between the poor and the rich, to raise the chance for the people who have the lower socio-economic status to have a higher economic mobility. Could you explain more about your point and stand to the issue? Thank you!
Thank you for a clear and supportive blog on the ground of gender equality. Feminism is popular and omnipresent in the States, Europe, or some international cities like Hong Kong, while the power difference still exists in some African counties and Asain counties, like Japan due to the tradition and cultural aspects. Although it already improved a lot in many areas in societies, such as in politics as you mentioned, in the ICT area, it is still a male-dominated industry nowadays, at least in Asia. From my perspective, the government ought to lift the public acceptance for the female working in the Technology industry, for instance, many multinational companies, such as Microsoft, propose the importance for the gender equities in IT area, and give the chances for female students studying in Engineering or Computer Science. 
Great summary on the solution with the use of social media analytics for the Goal 17th. The social media indeed composites a massive amount of information; however, a large portion of them is not relevant to the policies on the UNSDGs in my opinion. I would suggest to use the database assorted by some international institutions. One of the example is EUNIC (European Union National Institutes for Culture), in which there are over 100 clusters in the world for cultural analysis. To establish a partnership, the culture-related information is crucial for it.  
Interesting approach to the poverty problem. However, I doubt that would the infrastructure of those areas with poverty or famine be good enough to support the applications you mentions. Since many places of low developed or developing countries lack the electricity and internet, it may be hard to alleviate the poverty by only using internet. I would say it is better to use the social media to promote how poverty those places are, and lift the donation to them for a better technology on agriculture.  
Yes! The great news is actually CLP had started a programme to increase the use of smart grip in Hong Kong. The programme covers around 26,000 residential customers who live in private and public housing, Home Ownership Scheme flats, and village houses in 14 districts of Kowloon and the New Territories. This will allow the programme to cover customers of varying characteristics and ensure a representative result [1]. But the most important thing is letting the public know the existence and the advantages of smart grids!           [1]: https://www.clpgroup.com/en/Media-Resources-site/Current%20Releases/20170615_en.pdf
Social media indeed provides a platform for the government to promote their policies or propaganda One outstanding example is how Trump use Twitter for his political standings and opinions, which affects how public receive the image of the US government. The comments, or Tweets, can also be analyzed how the public think and having an appropriate reaction to that from the administrative side. Although social media analytics can be used in a good way, it can also be deployed to deliver the wrong messages to the public, for example, the propaganda from the PRC government. Therefore the key to achieving the goal which is to have sustainable cities and communities depends on how the way people use technology.  
