"I think it is interested to me, as you use a dialogue with question and answer.
First, I agree that information is not raw. In my opinions, information is all processed from data. Information should be a result or sometimes knowledge. Therefore, data can be raw, but information should be well processed and not raw.
But I am not totally agree to your opinions.
Second, I don’t think information is true sometimes. As information can be created as faked by human beings, they are controlled, such as rumors, forums. Let’s take an example with forums. Every people can post some fake information on forums, if they post somethings which shows a medicine is not suitable for some patients, but in fact they are not doctors or some careers about medical. How come they can judge whether the medicine is suitable or not? It is one of the fake information creation way."
This is a good post that briefly giving out how processed information can contribute to us. I agree that this function of Youtube can show suitable video to users. However, I would like to ask you about some malicious usages of a Youtube function. As Youtube is not only recommend some video that you watched same categories video, but also recommend “trending” or “others watching”. It is possible to buying some views or “Like” from some website. We can boost our video to “trending” if we have enough money. Users will get some unhealthy or fake information then. May I ask what do you think about this problem?
I cannot totally agree to your opinion which information giving out a fact. Although internet still has lots of information which are giving out some facts, you cannot ignore about there is still having some fake information. Let’s take an example. Everyone should know about a person who called Kim Jong-un, the 3rd Supreme Leader of North Korea. But do you know a news that he got an award of “The sexiest man"? This news is posted by People.cn in 2014. As this award is not a real award, and it is only a joke by someone, it is showing a fact that there is still lots of fake information in the internet.
I would like to share my opinions to you as I am not totally agree to your opinion at the first paragraph. As I don’t think that all the information from the social media are facts. You may hear about a social issue called echo chamber. Since most of the information you can get come from your friends or groups, the users are having similar background to you, so you may not really get all-rounded information, or those information are already reinforced, distorted. Therefore, I think people should not only learn some knowledge from those media, but also learn to distinguish whether it is truth or not.
"I agree that situational computing must be in today’s society, because today’s social networks and mobile phones have become essential equipment for popularization, and “smart life” has become a trend of social evolution. However, why don’t you talk about the current social deficiencies in situational computing?
I think that the current situation calculation is not perfect, or that it is not ‘smart’. Most of the time, it may not be able to make the best choice and automatically change. Instead, it can only make small but insufficient changes according to the pre-set criteria. Take FWD’s “Driving Analysis App” (“https://www.fwd.com.hk/drivamatics/tc/ as an example, most of them only take the stability of driving and the habit of driving by car as the standard, but lack of response Score adjustments were made for different traffic conditions. However, he was awarded the FinTech award-winning work, showing that situational computing still has insufficient or neglected aspects in today’s society.
May I ask about your opinions on this situation?"
"I think that IoT development is important to us in the future, and I hope to see much more future development of it. Although IoT can give us lots of convenience, it still has lots of problem, such as security problem. For an example, we use IoT as system to manage a shop or company. As the security of internet nowadays is not well enough, and not too much people is fixing this problem, most of them are using human power instead of upgrading the security level, it causes security problem, such as hacking usually. If there are hacking in a company which use IoT technology to do management, it will cause a serious problem, for example Security breach, insecure communication, data leakage, cloud leakage. And they are mentioned in “https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/33181826”.
How do you think about this fast growing of IoT without enough supporting problem?"
"It is a good test and also explanation. You do explanation to all of the people who think it is a duck that the reason of it is a rabbit, but I still consider it is a duck. I think it is one of the difficulties nowadays. As there are not only one direction of thinking in our society, controlling what is truth is important to us as information engineering students. Let’s take an example on “https://www.ettoday.net/news/20150228/471918.htm”. It was a news three years before. In this news, there is a dress with color, someone think it is in blue and black, but someone think it is in gold and white. However, we cannot distinguish whether which one is true. As we are studying about information engineering, the truth of information is one of the important part of us.
How do you think if we cannot ensure those uploaded information that is 100% true, and we apply them into a new technology?"
"In this paragraph, you told us about some details about human cognition with example. Learning about the concept of human cognition can surely enable us to have more benefit in our daily lives, such as requirements from customers.
I think you can tell about some applications for us as an information engineering students. Let me take an example. I think that Machine learning is one of the application as information engineering. Machine learning is an area of artificial intelligence that uses statistical techniques to enable computer systems to learn from data without explicit programming. If we want to take up a robot for address validation, we can use some concept of human cognition into this robot with machine learning concept. As distinguishing the truth of information is important, I think it can also be the duty of the information engineer.
Apply Machine learning with human cognition can give our societies more convenience, it can decrease the workload in our works and lives."
"I can’t agree with your opinion on “Goal 16” in this article.
First of all, you have summed up the violent incidents in society to the extent that you have not received enough education. However, I absolutely do not agree with this reason. You may say that educated people will know right and wrong, they will do the right thing. However, I believe that the root cause of murder, sexual violence and even terrorist attacks is the desire of the human heart, rather than the lack of right and wrong. Take a drug dealer as an example. Many times they know that what they are doing is not allowed by society. Even society will be regarded as a mistake, a sin. But they still carry out drug trafficking because they have a thirst for money in their hearts, not because they lack education and do not know right or wrong.
Furthermore, improving information and communication technologies does not effectively reduce violence."
I agree with what you call “the value of education is most significant in developing countries." However, it may be that my expression in the article makes you misunderstand. I cite some education problems in developed countries not only to say that there is a lack of education in developed countries, but also to point out that in this generation, the educational shortcomings of some developed countries may slowly affect developing countries. Establish a direction for the development of education. Many development directions in developing countries may be taken from relevant projects in developed countries. Therefore, if the education system of the developed countries is unstable, it may have far-reaching effects.
"“The application of science and technology is useful in the industry and infrastructure of today’s society” is very correct. However, there are still many places in society that still do not pay enough attention to the ICTs you are talking about. To effectively promote the development of the industry, we must not do everything. The government needs to formulate an overall policy of market, talent, investment and education to complement each other. However, there are still many places in society that still do not pay enough attention to the ICTs you are talking about.
Take South Korea as an example. At present, the development of ICT in Korea is very successful. The policy of promoting information technology in South Korea is unstoppable, but South Korean officials say their best graduates have been trying to get into the work of big companies like Samsung, who have no innovation and entrepreneurship. At that time, Hong Kong seemed to be the same. The top leaders only invest in the financial industry, such as investment banking. However, South Korean officials are trying to change and set up the department responsible for information technology, “Science, Information and Communication Technology and Future Planning Department.” At the same time, they invested a lot of money in talent training to attract more students to study science and technology subjects, occasionally holding competitions in national universities and middle schools, encouraging students to come up with innovative ideas, and the winners will get considerable benefits. Bonuses to fund their study, study or entrepreneurship. This is a positive manifestation of the Korean government’s determination to the country’s sustainable development.
In contrast, in Hong Kong, many students have been shocked by the social atmosphere, and their mentality has become financial real estate. Most of the public’s focus on the technology industry lies in the potential of technology stocks. Whether new technology products are speculative will not be tested.
As a Hong Kong IT student, can you talk about it?"
"I agree with what you said, “Education is very important to everyone."" But I have different opinions about e-learning.
First, students may not be able to learn the right knowledge on the web. At present, a large number of Internet users do not have sufficient knowledge of the posts/messages before they forward them. At the same time, the authors are also aiming at the public and often fail to guarantee the authenticity of the information. The absorption of information by students in a long time may constitute a lot of social problems in the future.
Furthermore, I believe that another must for promoting quality education is to reduce traditional learning methods. At present, many parents still tout traditional learning methods. Students must take academic performance first, and then their interest in the back position."
I agree that IoT can help a lots in Quality Education. It is a wonderful idea because most of the people have mobile devices or personal computer in their common lives. However, IoT still has serious problems in security. It may cause a risk of fake information or content farm in our devices. It will harm to our education.
I think the most serious trouble that social media cannot help the economic growth is the lack of supporting of developing social media/ IoT. Nowadays, every countries are mainly focusing on how to increase the financial development. The governments only put the money of technology into finTech, but not social media. Therefore, I don't think any ideas of social media/ IoT can totally help the economic growth.
I agree to your opinions. Through IoT, we can have lots of ways to encourage people to know more about climate change, and also let them to know that they make climate change become serious. Also, people can know more about clever way to consume those energy. 
I don't agree with your opinions. Nowadays, knowledge on social media is not always truth, students are also learn too much fake/ poisoning information from social media. Also, echo chamber always appears in social media. Students cannot know all-rounded knowledge from social media. If you watch more news on (online) newspaper. you can usually find these paragraph. Therefore, I think the information checking is a must if students need to learn more knowledge from social media. Thanks.
