Sure, we can see a lot of content farms in the internet that produce a ton of fake and unreliable information. A lot of people are tricked by these low quality articles and figures.   As a result, I really want to seek the truth behind and avoid being trapped. “In this era, or in any time slot, human being are seeking more data to form a truth, i think this is the evolution of the information.”This is well-written. We really have to see a lot of stuff and make decisions on what to believe in this era.
Thank you for your comment! There is no doubt that that information is not always true and meaningful. It is true that something can be false and there are many perspectives to see one event in newspaper or other mass media. I am always confused of the information contradicting each other and I always hesitate about what should I trust and think. We see many versions of a stories when the politicians do something or launch policies.
It is so true that information engineers have to transfer raw data and make the result to be correct! We should always think about the purposes when we are doing our duties.
"Shannon’s information theory is really elegant that it quantifies different types of information to a common unit. So we can use the objective scale to determine information.

You also state the boundary or limitations of the theory that it really depends on our own objectives. We are creating information based on the values we choose and care."
I remember once a CUHK general education lecturer Samson Kwok has recommended “Thinking, fast and slow” on a RTHK TV programme. We can know more about our brain in a biological perspective this book that we often neglect how our gene and survival instincts can shape our thinking. It is so true that we cannot always think slowly and rationally because it consume so much energy from our body. Thus, it will be unfavorable to our chance of survival as we need to preserve energy when we face challenges and dangers. We tend to minimize our energy consumption when we are doing our daily routine tasks and therefore we do things so intuitively without any thoughts. This is one of the reason why we have some daily habits!
wow that is a really comprehensive view on working memory. You pointed out that the lack of mathematical ability of some people is due to the insufficient working memory capacity. The above explanation is so impressive. Sometimes people think that the one with poor Math ability are simply stupid or dumb. That may not be the right answer. In fact, the more the working memory the more likely children can handle the correlation between math concepts and problem!
This test explains why people always fail to expect the future in stock market or the prospect of a country. We are always try to recognize patterns and make predictions based on our memory. However, it doesn’t mean our own interpretation on the world is meaningless or useless. We just don’t have to believe in ourselves 100% and be open-minded.
What a good observation. You divided the user interface in three layers according to the three levels of cognitive information processing. This kind of design do not bombard us with a lot of information at the first stage and show us more details after we click the categories on the left hand side. Setting priorities in the interface is actually essential.
The rule of law is undoubtedly the essence of a just, peaceful and inclusive societies. It is pathetic that we can see over 90% population is under the rule of authoritarian and dictatorship. Under different means of coercion such as army and secret force, we will not have the right to speak, to act and to possess private property. Therefore, we are simply dominated by the power held in the ruler’s hand. A country or society is just worthless when an individual’s freedom cannot be safeguarded.
With the aid of engineering solutions, we can eliminate some poverty issues. Less informed people are usually struggling with some basic problem. It is usually true.
Tracking carbon consuming status of citizens by blockchain is actually feasible. The distributed database disclose consumption and make the citizens be aware of their own activities. They will try to avoid emitting too much carbon dioxide and to check their footprint in detail everyday. This eventually will encourage environmental protection.
This is an in-depth analysis on Hong Kong consumption problem. You state that the mindset, habit, legislation in Hong Kong in a few perspective. After reading your suggestions, I think the problem cannot be easily tackled by government and educational institutions. it is because they do not have much to do.
Does it imply that social media can act as a bridge between citizens and government? Social media can be utilized for the purpose of consultation or universal suffrage? Commoners can express their views on different issues and may influence the political decisions made by the government. This idea may sound utopian but it is worth trying.
You provided 3 concrete solutions to achieve zero hunger with the help of IoT. Precision farming, agriculture drones and smart greenhouse all aim to increase cost-performance ratio, raise efficiency and help the farmers without much agricultural knowledge. We can actually see this happen in the near future!
We are in an era that the quality of teachers doesn’t really matter. We just have to ensure every student can access to the internet and hence access to various types of learning materials. Good teachers are rare and difficult to find. However, smartphones and IoT devices are easy to be distributed.
Your ideas sound feasible. Social media definitely is a platform to spread the information of a catastrophic events and let people to communicate in case of unlucky things happen. Rescue units and government can make better decisions and strategies to mitigate the risk. The driver assistance system may also remind drivers under fatal or dangerous condition. Global health and well-being can be assured.
