"Information Technology brings loads of benefits to us. No matter knowledge, convenience or life wisdom, can learn from internet, obtain from internet and initiate from internet.
There, however, exists a lot of fake and harmful content on this infinity sea, for instance, content farm, virus, ¡§wanna cry¡¨ etc. Those are not only endangering to our property, but also imparting some wrong messages into our mind.
So, I agree the word you have used ¡§analyse¡¨, but not just for information engineer, should widely spread out to public, analyse the information on the internet, keep thinking!"
"Well, as an information engineer, is there anything makes you feel unsatisfied in the current internet system?
How about content farm?
Information sharing boosts the evolution of internet meanwhile fake news are produced for earning many from the clicks. is it swindle? Should it be restricted? However, it may conflict to the freedom of the internet.
So, what is your advice?"
"Content farm has been mentioned above. So I want to discuss this point.
This problem has been bothering the public since the introduction of social media, because the false content has caused some blind media social media users to suffer financial or psychological damage.
As an information engineer, what technical assistance can you provide, or other methods of seeking truth to the public?"
"Normally, we always use knowledge. Sometimes we mean tricks, and sometimes we talk about wisdom. In many cases, we even use it to quote information.

When you want to define knowledge, will often encounter problems and obstacles and difficulty lies in how to determine the relationship and distinction between the two.

So, as an information engineer, I agree that to produce useful knowledge and use such knowledge to improve the society is our responsibility!"
"Hong Kong people are famous for their greed, and the shop decoration and food sales are ¡§IGable¡¨ enough to satisfy their ¡§camera-food¡¨ mentality. Therefore, knowing how to put photos on social media can greatly enhance the effectiveness of publicity and directly affect store performance.
If you want to count the choices of the Hong Kong people¡¦s favorite dinner, the bedding furnace will definitely be included in the top three. However, the hot pot restaurant opened to Chengxiangcheng City, and it was necessary to break out. Chris, the owner of the hot pot restaurant A Fei Hotpot, decided to use the old Hong Kong feelings to make a fortune. The store has introduced nostalgic dishes such as dried duck spleen, fried wonton and dried tangerines, and the owner has also collected old-fashioned living utensils, such as old-style kettles, mail boxes and fans, with utensils full of vintage elements, and imitation The layout of the stalls and various special shops, such as fish stalls, vegetable stalls, Shi Duo and the shop, are as good as the feelings of returning to the 1980s and 1990s. Collective memories come to mind.
In addition, the competition in the hand-baked drinks shop has been fierce in recent years. Almost every other time, Jiang Long has entered Hong Kong. Just like the Tiger Hall from Taichung, it is caused by the signature ¡§Tiger¡¨ black sugar Boba thick milk. In the most insane period, guests have to line up for more than an hour, which is indeed a test of physical strength and patience. In the face of such a gimmick, how does local ginger fight? After the 90s, Doris and Edwin didn¡¦t have a lot of experience in opening a store, but they were younger and knew the mentality of their neighbors. So when they opened the beverage store Healahoma, they made a special colorful drink, which was successful with eye-catching visual effects. Get the guests happy. After buying a drink, many people take photos immediately and mark the store on social media to directly increase the exposure of the beverage store. In addition, the beverage store has a geographical advantage. It is located in the prosperous Mong Kok area and has direct help to the business.
The hamburger shop Honbo in Wanchai, the storefront decoration also takes into account the diners¡¦ punching needs, and it is more straightforward. The owner Michael has decorated the wall next to the doorway into a square wooden frame with the design of Instagram. Nowadays, the popular neon tube has created the ¡§One More Bite¡¨ logo, which is very eye-catching and attracts more diners to take pictures, which makes it easy to increase popularity.
In summary, to promote the new store, in addition to selling advertising in traditional media, it is equally important to make use of social media to cause topics. Before the decoration or design of the dishes, the shopkeepers may gather more information than facebook and Instagram, deepen the understanding of the popular diet, or the diners¡¦ card-oriented orientation, and then integrate into the characteristics of their own food stores, which will surely increase the business volume.


If you want to count the choices of the Hong Kong people¡¦s favorite dinner, the bedding furnace will definitely be included in the top three. However, the hot pot restaurant opened to Chengxiangcheng City, and it was necessary to break out. Chris, the owner of the hot pot restaurant A Fei Hotpot, decided to use the old Hong Kong feelings to make a fortune. The store has introduced nostalgic dishes such as dried duck spleen, fried wonton and dried tangerines, and the owner has also collected old-fashioned living utensils, such as old-style kettles, mail boxes and fans, with utensils full of vintage elements, and imitation The layout of the stalls and various special shops, such as fish stalls, vegetable stalls, Shi Duo and the shop, are as good as the feelings of returning to the 1980s and 1990s. Collective memories come to mind.
In addition, the competition in the hand-baked drinks shop has been fierce in recent years. Almost every other time, Jiang Long has entered Hong Kong. Just like the Tiger Hall from Taichung, it is caused by the signature ¡§Tiger¡¨ black sugar Boba thick milk. In the most insane period, guests have to line up for more than an hour, which is indeed a test of physical strength and patience. In the face of such a gimmick, how does local ginger fight? After the 90s, Doris and Edwin didn¡¦t have a lot of experience in opening a store, but they were younger and knew the mentality of their neighbors. So when they opened the beverage store Healahoma, they made a special colorful drink, which was successful with eye-catching visual effects. Get the guests happy. After buying a drink, many people take photos immediately and mark the store on social media to directly increase the exposure of the beverage store. In addition, the beverage store has a geographical advantage. It is located in the prosperous Mong Kok area and has direct help to the business.
The hamburger shop Honbo in Wanchai, the storefront decoration also takes into account the diners¡¦ punching needs, and it is more straightforward. The owner Michael has decorated the wall next to the doorway into a square wooden frame with the design of Instagram. Nowadays, the popular neon tube has created the ¡§One More Bite¡¨ logo, which is very eye-catching and attracts more diners to take pictures, which makes it easy to increase popularity.
In summary, to promote the new store, in addition to selling advertising in traditional media, it is equally important to make use of social media to cause topics. Before the decoration or design of the dishes, the shopkeepers may gather more information than facebook and Instagram, deepen the understanding of the popular diet, or the diners¡¦ card-oriented orientation, and then integrate into the characteristics of their own food stores, which will surely increase the business volume.

Hong Kong people are famous for their greed, and the shop decoration and food sales are ¡§IGable¡¨ enough to satisfy their ¡§camera-food¡¨ mentality. Therefore, knowing how to put photos on social media can greatly enhance the effectiveness of publicity and directly affect store performance.
If you want to count the choices of the Hong Kong people¡¦s favorite dinner, the bedding furnace will definitely be included in the top three. However, the hot pot restaurant opened to Chengxiangcheng City, and it was necessary to break out. Chris, the owner of the hot pot restaurant A Fei Hotpot, decided to use the old Hong Kong feelings to make a fortune. The store has introduced nostalgic dishes such as dried duck spleen, fried wonton and dried tangerines, and the owner has also collected old-fashioned living utensils, such as old-style kettles, mail boxes and fans, with utensils full of vintage elements, and imitation The layout of the stalls and various special shops, such as fish stalls, vegetable stalls, Shi Duo and the shop, are as good as the feelings of returning to the 1980s and 1990s. Collective memories come to mind.
In addition, the competition in the hand-baked drinks shop has been fierce in recent years. Almost every other time, Jiang Long has entered Hong Kong. Just like the Tiger Hall from Taichung, it is caused by the signature ¡§Tiger¡¨ black sugar Boba thick milk. In the most insane period, guests have to line up for more than an hour, which is indeed a test of physical strength and patience. In the face of such a gimmick, how does local ginger fight? After the 90s, Doris and Edwin didn¡¦t have a lot of experience in opening a store, but they were younger and knew the mentality of their neighbors. So when they opened the beverage store Healahoma, they made a special colorful drink, which was successful with eye-catching visual effects. Get the guests happy. After buying a drink, many people take photos immediately and mark the store on social media to directly increase the exposure of the beverage store. In addition, the beverage store has a geographical advantage. It is located in the prosperous Mong Kok area and has direct help to the business.
The hamburger shop Honbo in Wanchai, the storefront decoration also takes into account the diners¡¦ punching needs, and it is more straightforward. The owner Michael has decorated the wall next to the doorway into a square wooden frame with the design of Instagram. Nowadays, the popular neon tube has created the ¡§One More Bite¡¨ logo, which is very eye-catching and attracts more diners to take pictures, which makes it easy to increase popularity.
In summary, to promote the new store, in addition to selling advertising in traditional media, it is equally important to make use of social media to cause topics. Before the decoration or design of the dishes, the shopkeepers may gather more information than facebook and Instagram, deepen the understanding of the popular diet, or the diners¡¦ card-oriented orientation, and then integrate into the characteristics of their own food stores, which will surely increase the business volume.

"
"The four key data required to perform contextual operations are: social, interest, behavior, and personal. Some of these four aspects are quite mature, and some have become popular in recent years. Players who are free to master and use these four types of data will have great advantages in the competition in the Internet industry.

These four aspects have more or less ethical issues. They belong to a larger theme ¡V privacy issues: too much social disclosure will make your friends feel betrayed by these companies; the release of interest data will make your personal interest display look like a trade show; behavioral data can endanger personal safety; Finally, displaying a large amount of personal information will give the outside world an unobstructed view of your ideas. Therefore, understanding this phenomenon from an individual and legal perspective is an urgent problem to be solved.

Unlike the ambiguity and convenience considerations of background ethics, these companies are actively building business in all aspects. Most of the products and services currently on the market target one or both of these four aspects. It is also intended to be comprehensive, but suffers from immature technology and inadequate targets. Thus, since the advantages of context calculation are not effectively displayed, the disadvantages are magnified. The potential of contextual computing must be developed in conjunction with the above four aspects of data."
"That¡¦s right! IOT does bring a lot of convenience to our lives. However, the vulnerability of the security system and the limitations of various aspects (for example: the provision of energy; the training of maintenance personnel, etc.) have made the development of IOT slow.
However, major cities in Asia have made great efforts to develop urbanization technology. There are electronic road tolls to prevent traffic congestion, night bus route planning for public services, etc., but the Hong Kong government has not strongly supported technological innovation.
How do you think the Hong Kong government should make up for this?"
"Although there are still different views on the structure of working memory, the content of working memory is considered to include the information that a person is paying attention to at the time and the operations applied to the processing of such information. Working memory can be seen as the ¡§work space¡¨ of the ongoing fine cognitive activities. Its capacity is limited, and it is generally considered that the memory breadth does not exceed seven items. Because of the continuity and activity characteristics of working memory, its content is constantly changing and constantly updated. Working memory can be considered as the expansion and development of the concept of short-term memory.

The significance of the advanced functions of the brain is usually to provide time and space continuity between past experiences and current actions. It is very important for thinking operations, playing chess, playing the piano and unprepared impromptu speech. When working memory is impaired, it is difficult to remember the correct context of the event.

A typical example is recalling a new seven-digit phone number. The number of numbers you can recall is called your ¡§digital breadth.¡¨ For most people, it¡¦s usually only six to seven. In other words, the ability to work memory is limited. Some patients with brain damage have only a small amount of digital memory. Nothing can be recalled except for the last letter they hear, but their consciousness is normal. In fact, their long-term memory may not be compromised.

Usually, the lack of mathematical ability is mostly due to insufficient working memory capacity or resources that require more working memory. Insufficient working memory capacity can cause slow math calculations and even cause calculation errors. Even if children with mathematical concepts have already learned, the difficulty of mathematics learning will be reduced or the motivation for mathematics learning will gradually decline due to the difficulty of mathematics. However, it is worth noting that the capacity of working memory can be gradually expanded through the stimulation and training of working memory for a period of time."
The education experienced by the teachers of the present generation is the product of civilization more than ten years ago; however, the students they want to teach are the pillars of society more than ten years later. The contradictions in the middle, I believe that without my explanation, I can understand it. Of course, the scope of basic education is certainly unchanged. The reading, writing, speaking and listening of Chinese language, the addition, subtraction, multiplication and division of calculations can be said to be unchanged forever. However, the teaching model cannot be stable. Because the living habits of the former people are completely different from the current ones, the e-book is taken as an example. Although people say that the paper is better, who can avoid using the mobile phone to read the text in the era of smart phone? Reading the news can be, reading a book also as well. It can be seen that living habits change with technology, and the teaching model is unchanged. It is impossible to make students into the classroom. Therefore, how to look into the future and give the corresponding knowledge and contingency skills to the students is the first responsibility of the teachers.
"Most outstanding Hong Kong students will only choose courses with money, such as medicine, law, actuarial, finance, etc., which will drive the education courses of local universities to attract students whose grades are only average. Under this circumstance, how can the average quality of primary and secondary school teachers be higher?

A high-quality education system does require competent teachers to exert their effectiveness. However, in the current Hong Kong environment, students with superior qualifications choose teachers as lifelong careers. It is simply a dream of idiots. For example, her father was the vice-president of the middle school, but in the end, Mai Mingshi did not follow the example of his father as a teacher, but chose to study the ¡§rich way¡¨ law degree at Cambridge University in the UK.

Many labor economics studies have pointed out that money (or wages) is not the only factor in choosing a career. Other important considerations include prestige and working conditions. According to the public research data of the Center for International Education in the United States, many Finnish universities offering educational degrees have a good reputation. These universities also have strict standards for students who receive elective education courses, and the university has developed a comprehensive education. The curriculum encourages students to gain greater autonomy in designing primary and secondary schools. In addition, the Finnish University¡¦s educational programs support creativity and innovation, while teacher work involves research, development and design. This can be seen as a teacher¡¦s efforts to promote intelligence and creativity. The limit of force. From the above-mentioned excellent qualifications of Finnish teachers, the rigorous training and the pursuit of teaching autonomy at the university, the Finnish society has a high degree of trust in teachers."
"¡§The country is chasing GDP, and the people have become economic beasts.¡¨ Bhutan¡¦s former Prime Minister Jimo Tinley said. The question is, can this really bring us happiness?

In the metropolis of Hong Kong, consumption power seems to symbolize status and our social values. At the same time, after losing these substances, have we had nothing?

To enhance national competitiveness and strive for a high quality of life, there are buildings and cars in the building. Is this the original intention of this policy?

Moreover, with the Chinese we are familiar with as the background of discussion, what do people try to pursue and get money, and what have they changed? Wasting food? Air pollution? Still the loss of conscience?

Under the premise of ensuring physiological needs, the pursuit of higher material enjoyment can be said to be the current global trend, especially the New York City that leads the global economy. However, what is the horror of the Chinese people who are pursuing materiality while their compatriots die on the streets one by one because of hunger and cold?

"
"The establishment of the Internet and the birth of various communication technologies have indeed made information circulation faster, more stable and more massive. The interoperability of information can accelerate the transportation of technology and technology, so that the wisdom of engineers and scientists can be intertwined. This is very beneficial for the development of sustainable technology.

However, the acceleration of information circulation at the same time has produced many problems of large and small, and the most serious or most influential of our daily life is the existence of hackers. These people have the technology to invade IoT equipment, and it¡¦s easy to get our private data or company confidential documents, such as wannacry, they can invade individuals or company computers through low-tech phishing emails, and then extort. Many people have suffered.

Therefore, while vigorously expanding IoT, I believe that it is necessary to add computer security education lectures or courses in order to enjoy and develop new technologies in a safe environment."
"Integrating IOT into social media is significant.
The Internet of Things has not only changed the way companies collect user information, but also changed the way people interact with each other, even the definition of ¡§society.¡¨ Nowadays people are most concerned about privacy. Some people think that ¡§privacy is dead¡¨ and some people think that social internet of things may change the definition of privacy. ¡§How to protect users from revealing privacy in the process of sharing information¡¨ has become a problem that many companies are paying more attention to.
In this network, people and things have become more intelligent, and people can make corresponding adjustments as smart items change. Smart items can become more intelligent with people¡¦s preferences and habits. Social Internet of Things manages people¡¦s daily lives and makes them more convenient. The combination of social media and human life may change the nature of social interaction."
In this society¡¦s survival skills, treating people is undoubtedly the most important part. But at the same time, in this era of information flooding, it is necessary to have critical thinking and know how to filter. As you said, in the age of advanced information technology, people can easily reach out to the outside world and communicate with others through the Internet. However, no one can ensure that the information obtained, even the information transmitted by the most trusted friends, is reasonable and correct. So I think that while teaching social skills, the professor of critical thinking is also very important.
"If you want to achieve better results, social media can¡¦t just connect with IOT.
IoT and artificial intelligence (AI) combined with machine learning, fog computing, and blockchain can truly realize its revolutionary potential.

AI and machine learning can reduce the security, cost, complexity and speed encountered in IoT promotion through in-depth analysis of real-time data. The fog operation allows the edge network to digest IoT data to solve the centralized network. Delay, bandwidth and reliability issues; decentralized ledgers in the blockchain further enhance enterprise security and allow direct communication between machines and machines without the need to centralize equipment.

For example, autonomous vehicles can be said to be a combination of IoT and these technologies. More and more powerful decentralized AI systems can connect the internal and external networks of vehicles at a very high speed, which allows self-driving vehicles to integrate hugely through fog operations. Traffic data, while blockchain prevents data from being tampered with."
"STEM is seen by the current Hong Kong government¡¦s educational program to nurture IT or technology talent, but many people think that this plan is just a blindly follow-up mess, and it is difficult to get good results.

The STEM education highlighted in the ED documents is obviously an ¡§interdisciplinary¡¨ learning (eg science + mathematics) [2] (p. 2). However, in the public discussion, the university STEM discipline often becomes S/T/ One of E/M is equivalent to the IT and robotics industries. This reflects the public¡¦s lack of understanding of STEM and deviations from the understanding of the authorities, which also directly affects the views of teachers.

In addition, local universities do not pay much attention to STEM. The University of Hong Kong first kills the Department of Astronomy, Mathematics/Physics, and then the Department of Mathematics for Dismemberment. Is this different from the direction of the Education Bureau, or is it called STEM, which only includes the categories of immediate benefits of engineering and computers?

The STEM education highlighted in the ED documents is obviously an ¡§interdisciplinary¡¨ learning (eg science + mathematics) [2] (p. 2). However, in the public discussion, the university STEM discipline often becomes S/T/ One of E/M is equivalent to the IT and robotics industries. This reflects the public¡¦s lack of understanding of STEM and deviations from the understanding of the authorities, which also directly affects the views of teachers.

In addition, local universities do not pay much attention to STEM. The University of Hong Kong first kills the Department of Astronomy, Mathematics/Physics, and then the Department of Mathematics for Dismemberment. Is this different from the direction of the Education Bureau, or is it called STEM, which only includes the categories of immediate benefits of engineering and computers?"
